\input texinfo
@settitle Forth Mode

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2015 Lars Brinkhoff
@end copying

@dircategory Emacs editing modes
@direntry
* Forth mode: (forth-mode).  Emacs mode for editing Forth files.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title Forth Mode
@subtitle An Emacs mode for editing Forth files
@end titlepage

@page
@contents

@node Top
@top Forth Mode

Forth Mode is a programming language mode for Forth.  It can be used
to edit regular Forth files, and block files.  There is also a host of
commands for interacting with a running Forth session.

@menu
* Overview::
* Using Forth Mode::
* Forth Interaction::
@end menu

@node Overview

Programming language mode for Forth.

@node Using Forth Mode

How to use forth-mode.

Key bindings:

@table @kbd

@item M-TAB
@itemx C-M-i
@itemx M-x completion-at-point

Attempt to complete the Forth word under point.

@item C-M-f
@itemx M-x forward-sexp

Move forward across one balanced expression.

@item C-M-b
@itemx M-x backward-sexp

Move backward across one balanced expression.

@end table

@node Forth Interaction

How to interact with Forth.

Key bindings:

@table @kbd

@item M-x run-forth

Start an interactive Forth session.

@item C-c C-z
@itemx M-x forth-switch-to-output-buffer

Switch to the interactive Forth session.

@item C-c C-r
@itemx M-x forth-restart

Restart the interactive Forth session.

@item C-c C-k
@itemx M-x forth-kill

End the interactive Forth session.

@item C-c :
@itemx M-x forth-eval

Enter a string to evaluation.  The output, if any, is printed in the
minibuffer.

@item C-c C-r
@itemx M-x forth-eval-region

Evaluate the current region.  The output, if any, is printed in the
minibuffer.

@item C-c C-e
@itemx M-x forth-eval-last-expression

Evaluate the expression before point.  The output, if any, is printed
in the minibuffer.

@item C-x M-e
@itemx M-x forth-eval-last-expression-display-output

Evaluate the expression before point.  Display the output, if any, in
the interactive Forth session.

@item C-M-x
@itemx M-x forth-eval-defun

Evaluate the colon definition under point.  The output, if any, is
printed in the minibuffer.

@item C-c C-l
@itemx M-x forth-load-file

Load the current file into the interactive Forth Session.

@item C-c C-s
@itemx M-x forth-see

Display a human-readable representation of the word under point.

@end table

@bye
